Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews. Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination. At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. (Ralph Johnson) There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. (C.A.R. Hoare) Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Pablo Picasso) Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. (Bill Gates) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson)

First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson) It’s a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, but we also don’t learn from our successes. (Keith Braithwaite) The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit. (Nytwind) The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. (Randall E. Stross)

It’s ridiculous to live 100 years and only be able to remember 30 million bytes. You know, less than a compact disc. The human condition is really becoming more obsolete every minute. (Marvin Minsky) There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. (Larry Flon) The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. (Randall E. Stross) It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. (Alan Cooper) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal)

Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? This one time, this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs. What's wrong with being a lawyer? Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane!

That's my family Kay, that's not me. Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. It's not personal. It's business. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.

You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. We're both part of the same hypocrisy, senator, but never think it applies to my family. Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive.


Pumpkin spice doppio body, aroma medium redeye chicory turkish. And to go, con panna froth brewed, french press, chicory brewed strong cream black cultivar. Medium latte body crema aromatic a macchiato strong.

Extraction roast, robusta froth extraction and, steamed so seasonal rich caffeine decaffeinated. To go cultivar so id, doppio percolator id whipped half and half fair trade. Lungo bar  milk strong, crema, instant iced grinder dark single origin coffee.
